[Music]
now the whole
had one language and one speech and it
came to pass as they journeyed from the
east that they found a plain in the land
of Shinar and they dwelt there then they
said to one another come let us make
bricks and bake them thoroughly they had
brick for stone and they had asphalt for
mortar come let us build ourselves a
city and a tower whose top tis in the
heavens
let us make a name for ourselves lest we
be scattered abroad over the face of the
whole earth but the Lord came down to
see the city and the town which the sons
of men had built indeed the people are
one and they all have one language and
this is what they begin to do now
nothing that they propose to do will be
withheld from him come let us go down
and there confuse their language that
they may not understand one another's
speech so the Lord scattered them abroad
from there over the face of all the
earth and they ceased building the city
there for its name is called Babel
because there the Lord confused the
language of all the earth and from there
the Lord scattered them abroad over the
face of all the earth
this is the genealogy of Shem Shem was
100 years old and begat Arphaxad
two years after the flood after he begat
Arphaxad Shem lived five hundred years
and begat sons and daughters
are facts ed lived 35 years and begat
Saylor after he begat Saylor our facts
had lived four hundred and three years
and begat sons and daughters
Saylor lived thirty years and begat Eber
after he begat Eber Saylor lived four
hundred and three years and begat sons
and daughters
Eber lived thirty-four years and begat P
leg after he begat P leg Eber lived four
hundred and thirty years and begat sons
and daughters
Peleg lived thirty years and begat Ryu
after he begat reel P leg lived two
hundred and nine years and begat sons
and daughters
Ryu lived thirty two years and begat
sirak after he begat serug reel lived
two hundred and seven years and begat
sons and daughters
Selig lived thirty years and begat nahor
after he begat nahor Selig lived two
hundred years and begat sons and
daughters
nahor lived twenty nine years and begat
Kira after he begat terah nahor lived
one hundred and nineteen years and begat
sons and daughters
now Terah lived 70 years and begat Abram
Nahor and Haran
this is the genealogy of Tirra Tirra
begat Abram Nahor and Haran Haran begat
lot and Hayden died before his father
Terah in his native land in ur of the
chaldeans then Abram and Nahor took
wives the name of Abraham's wife was
Sara and the name of nee hos wife milker
the daughter of Hiram the father of
Milkha and the father of ISKCON but
Sarai was barren she had no child
antara took his son Abram and his
grandson lot the son of Haran and his
daughter-in-law Sarah his son Abrams
wife and they went out with them from ur
of the chaldeans to go to the land of
Canaan and they came to Haran and dwelt
there so the days of Terah were 205
years and Terah died in Haran
[Music]